1. Create a git account on github.com by giving a username, email and password
2. Then select I am an Engineer and in Experience - A lot, use github for Learn to code, learn
git and github, Host a project and I am interested in - html, css then complete setup
3. Then select create a repository and give a repository name and click Create repository
4. then install git bash on your desktop
5. Enter the folder you want to work with github and write click then select git bash here
6. On the git bash terminal, write this codes and enter after every code: 

a) git config --global user.name "Nazrul"
b) git config --global user.email "mohammadnazrulislam2k20@gmail.com"
c) git init
d) git clone url from the repository page (i.e git clone https://github.com/Nazrul-islam-md/Test.git)
e) git status (it will show untracked file i.e Test/)
f) cd Test
g) git status
h) If create a file(index.html), then again git status
g) git add index.html or git add .
h) git commit -m "adding index file"
i) git push
j) git status and then reload your repository tab on browser, you will find the file there
k) if edited the file then again git status
l) git add index.html
m) git commit -m "modify something"
n) git push

7. reload the repository page and you will see the files uploaded from your folder
8. Click settings or repository page and on github pages section, make the source master, root and save.
9. on github pages section, you will find a link called, your site is ready to publish, click the
link to see that.
10. to upload new file for example abcd.html, on git bash, write git status, it will show untracked file
11. then git add . or git add file name
12. then git commit -m "adding new file"
13. then git status, it will show your branch is ahead of by 1 commit
14. then git push
15. check on your repository if the file is added or not 
Done!

//To remove a file wirte git rm --cached filename

To check branches: git branch
To create a branch: git branch branchNo1
To check the other branch: git checkout branchNo1
To create the other branch in server/hub: git push --set-upstream origin branchNo1
Then we can add a file with those 3 code (git add . , git commit –m “branchNo1 testing” , git push)
To merge a branch with our main branch, first go to our main branch: git checkout main
Then merge it: git merge branchNo1
Then we have to push it: git push
Done!
